Table of Contents
The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements
Summary of Business Segment Data
(Dollars in millions)
 
Years ended December 31,
2022
2021
2020
Revenues:
Commercial Airplanes
$25,867 
$19,493 
$16,162 
Defense, Space & Security
23,162 
26,540 
26,257 
Global Services
17,611 
16,328 
15,543 
Boeing Capital
199 
272 
261 
Unallocated items, eliminations and other
(231)
(347)
(65)
Total revenues
$66,608 
$62,286 
$58,158 
(Loss)/earnings from operations:
Commercial Airplanes
($2,370)
($6,475)
($13,847)
Defense, Space & Security
(3,544)
1,544 
1,539 
Global Services
2,727 
2,017 
450 
Boeing Capital
29 
106 
63 
Segment operating loss
(3,158)
(2,808)
(11,795)
Unallocated items, eliminations and other
(1,532)
(1,267)
(2,355)
FAS/CAS service cost adjustment
1,143 
1,173 
1,383 
Loss from operations
(3,547)
(2,902)
(12,767)
Other income, net
1,058 
551 
447 
Interest and debt expense
(2,533)
(2,682)
(2,156)
Loss before income taxes
(5,022)
(5,033)
(14,476)
Income tax (expense)/benefit
(31)
743 
2,535 
Net loss
(5,053)
(4,290)
(11,941)
Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest
(118)
(88)
(68)
Net loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders
($4,935)
($4,202)
($11,873)
This information is an integral part of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. See Note 22 for further segment results.
58

---

Table of Contents
based upon current information, that the outcome of any such legal proceeding, claim, or government dispute and investigation will not have a
material effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Where it is reasonably possible that we will incur losses in excess of
recorded amounts in connection with any of the matters set forth below, we will disclose either the amount or range of reasonably possible
losses in excess of such amounts or, where no such amount or range can be reasonably estimated, the reasons why no such estimate can be
made.
Multiple legal actions have been filed against us as a result of the October 29, 2018 accident of Lion Air Flight 610 and the March 10, 2019
accident of Ethiopian Airlines Flight 302. During 2021, we entered into (i) a Deferred Prosecution Agreement with the U.S. Department of Justice
that resolved the Department of Justices previously disclosed investigation into us regarding the evaluation of the 737 MAX by the Federal
Aviation Administration (FAA) as well as (ii) a proposed settlement with plaintiffs in a shareholder derivative lawsuit that resulted in the Company
receiving $219 in the second quarter of 2022. In September 2022, we settled a previously disclosed investigation by the Securities and
Exchange Commission related to the 737 MAX accidents and consented to a civil penalty, which resulted in an earnings charge of $200 that was
paid in October 2022. We cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, not covered by available insurance that we may incur as a result of
any remaining pending lawsuits or other matters related to the accidents and the 737 MAX.
During 2019, we entered into agreements with Embraer S.A. (Embraer) to establish joint ventures that included the commercial aircraft and
services operations of Embraer, of which we were expected to acquire an 80 percent ownership stake for $4,200, as well as a joint venture to
promote and develop new markets for the C-390 Millennium. In 2020, we exercised our contractual right to terminate these agreements based
on Embraers failure to meet certain required closing conditions. Embraer has disputed our right to terminate the agreements, and the dispute is
currently in arbitration. We cannot reasonably estimate a range of loss, if any, that may result from the arbitration, which we currently expect to
be completed in late 2023 or early 2024.
Note 22 Segment and Revenue Information
Our primary profitability measurements to review a segments operating results are Earnings/(loss) from operations and operating margins. We
operate in four reportable segments: BCA, BDS, BGS and BCC. All other activities fall within Unallocated items, eliminations and other. See
page 58 for the Summary of Business Segment Data, which is an integral part of this note.
BCA develops, produces and markets commercial jet aircraft principally to the commercial airline industry worldwide. Revenue on commercial
aircraft contracts is recognized at the point in time when an aircraft is completed and accepted by the customer.
BDS engages in the research, development, production and modification of the following products and related services: manned and unmanned
military aircraft and weapons systems, surveillance and engagement, strategic defense and intelligence systems, satellite systems and space
exploration. BDS revenue is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.
BGS provides parts, maintenance, modifications, logistics support, training, data analytics and information-based services to commercial and
government customers worldwide. BGS segment revenue and costs include certain products and services provided to other segments. Revenue
on commercial spare parts contracts is recognized at the point in time when a spare part is delivered to the customer. Revenue on other
contracts is generally recognized over the contract term (over time) as costs are incurred.
BCC facilitates, arranges, structures and provides selective financing solutions for our customers.
109

---

Table of Contents
The Boeing Company and Subsidiaries
Consolidated Statements of Operations
(Dollars in millions, except per share data)
 
 
 
Years ended December 31,
2022
2021
2020
Sales of products
$55,893 
$51,386 
$47,142 
Sales of services
10,715 
10,900 
11,016 
Total revenues
66,608 
62,286 
58,158 
Cost of products
(53,969)
(49,954)
(54,568)
Cost of services
(9,109)
(9,283)
(9,232)
Boeing Capital interest expense
(28)
(32)
(43)
Total costs and expenses
(63,106)
(59,269)
(63,843)
3,502 
3,017 
(5,685)
(Loss)/income from operating investments, net
(16)
210 
9 
General and administrative expense
(4,187)
(4,157)
(4,817)
Research and development expense, net
(2,852)
(2,249)
(2,476)
Gain on dispositions, net
6 
277 
202 
Loss from operations
(3,547)
(2,902)
(12,767)
Other income, net
1,058 
551 
447 
Interest and debt expense
(2,533)
(2,682)
(2,156)
Loss before income taxes
(5,022)
(5,033)
(14,476)
Income tax (expense)/benefit
(31)
743 
2,535 
Net loss
(5,053)
(4,290)
(11,941)
Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest
(118)
(88)
(68)
Net loss attributable to Boeing Shareholders
($4,935)
($4,202)
($11,873)
Basic loss per share
($8.30)
($7.15)
($20.88)
Diluted loss per share
($8.30)
($7.15)
($20.88)
See Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements on pages 59 - 114.
53

---

Table of Contents
Forward-looking statements are based on expectations and assumptions that we believe to be reasonable when made, but that may not prove to
be accurate. These statements are not guarantees and are subject to risks, uncertainties and changes in circumstances that are difficult to
predict. Many factors, including those set forth in the Risk Factors section below and other important factors disclosed in this report and from
time to time in our other filings with the SEC, could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from these forward-looking statements.
Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we assume no obligation to update or revise any forward-
looking statement whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law.
Item 1A. Risk Factors
An investment in our common stock or debt securities involves risks and uncertainties and our actual results and future trends may differ
materially from our past or projected future performance. We urge investors to consider carefully the risk factors described below in evaluating
the information contained in this report.
Risks Related to Our Business and Operations
We depend heavily on commercial airlines, subjecting us to unique risks.
Market conditions have a significant impact on demand for our commercial aircraft and related services. The commercial aircraft market is
predominantly driven by long-term trends in airline passenger and cargo traffic. The principal factors underlying long-term traffic growth are
sustained economic growth and political stability both in developed and emerging markets. Demand for our commercial aircraft is further
influenced by airline profitability, availability of aircraft financing, world trade policies, government-to-government relations, technological
advances, price and other competitive factors, fuel prices, terrorism, pandemics, epidemics and environmental regulations. Historically, the
airline industry has been cyclical and very competitive and has experienced significant profit swings and constant challenges to be more cost
competitive. Significant deterioration in the global economic environment, the airline industry generally or the financial stability of one or more of
our major customers could result in fewer new orders for aircraft or services, or could cause customers to seek to postpone or cancel contractual
orders and/or payments to us, which could result in lower revenues, profitability and cash flows and a reduction in our contractual backlog. In
addition, because our commercial aircraft backlog consists of aircraft scheduled for delivery over a period of several years, any of these
macroeconomic, industry or customer impacts could unexpectedly affect deliveries over a long period.
We enter into firm fixed-price aircraft sales contracts with indexed price escalation clauses, which could subject us to losses if we have cost
overruns or if increases in our costs exceed the applicable escalation rate. Commercial aircraft sales contracts are often entered into years
before the aircraft are delivered. In order to help account for economic fluctuations between the contract date and delivery date, aircraft pricing
generally consists of a fixed amount as modified by price escalation formulas derived from labor, commodity and other price indices. Our
revenue estimates are based on current expectations with respect to these escalation formulas, but the actual escalation amounts are outside of
our control. Escalation factors can fluctuate significantly from period to period. Changes in escalation amounts can significantly impact revenues
and operating margins in our Commercial Airplanes business.
We derive a significant portion of our revenues from a limited number of commercial airlines. We can make no assurance that any customer will
exercise purchase options, fulfill existing purchase commitments or purchase additional products or services from us. In addition, fleet decisions,
airline consolidations or financial challenges involving any of our major commercial airline customers could significantly reduce our revenues and
limit our opportunity to generate profits from those customers.
6

---

Table of Contents
commercial aircraft assembly facilities are delayed or create significant disruption to our production system, or if our suppliers cannot timely
deliver components to us at the cost and rates necessary to achieve our targets, we may be unable to meet delivery schedules and/or the
financial performance of one or more of our programs may suffer.
Operational challenges impacting the production system for one or more of our commercial aircraft programs could result in additional production
delays and/or failure to meet customer demand for new aircraft, either of which would negatively impact our revenues and operating margins.
Our commercial aircraft production system is extremely complex. Operational issues, including delays or defects in supplier components, failure
to meet internal performance plans, or delays or failures to achieve required regulatory approval, could result in additional out-of-sequence work
and increased production costs, as well as delayed deliveries to customers, impacts to aircraft performance and/or increased warranty or fleet
support costs. We and our suppliers are experiencing supply chain disruptions as a result of the lingering impacts of COVID-19, global supply
chain constraints, and labor instability. We and our suppliers are also experiencing inflationary pressures. We continue to monitor the health and
stability of the supply chain as we ramp up production. These factors have reduced overall productivity and adversely impacted our financial
position, results of operations and cash flows.
If our commercial aircraft fail to satisfy performance and reliability requirements and/or potentially required sustainability standards, we could
face additional costs and/or lower revenues. Developing and manufacturing commercial aircraft that meet or exceed our performance and
reliability standards and/or potentially required sustainability standards, as well as those of customers and regulatory agencies, can be costly
and technologically challenging. These challenges are particularly significant with newer aircraft programs. Any failure of any Boeing aircraft to
satisfy performance or reliability requirements could result in disruption to our operations, higher costs and/or lower revenues.
Changes in levels of U.S. government defense spending or acquisition priorities could negatively impact our financial position and
results of operations.
We derive a substantial portion of our revenue from the U.S. government, primarily from defense related programs with the United States
Department of Defense (U.S. DoD). Levels of U.S. defense spending are very difficult to predict and may be impacted by numerous factors such
as the evolving nature of the national security threat environment, U.S. national security strategy, U.S. foreign policy, the domestic political
environment, macroeconomic conditions and the ability of the U.S. government to enact relevant legislation such as authorization and
appropriations bills.
The timeliness of FY24 and future appropriations for government departments and agencies remains a recurrent risk. A lapse in appropriations
for government departments or agencies would result in a full or partial government shutdown, which could impact the Companys operations.
Alternatively, Congress may fund government departments and agencies with one or more Continuing Resolutions; however, this would restrict
the execution of certain program activities and delay new programs or competitions. In addition, long-term uncertainty remains with respect to
overall levels of defense spending in FY24 and beyond. U.S. government discretionary spending, including defense spending, is likely to
continue to be subject to pressure.
There continues to be uncertainty with respect to future acquisition priorities and program-level appropriations for the U.S. DoD and other
government agencies (including NASA), including changes to national security and defense priorities, and tension between modernization
investments, sustainment investments, and investments in new technologies or emergent capabilities. Future investment priority changes or
budget cuts, including changes associated with the authorizations and appropriations process, could result in reductions, cancellations, and/or
delays of existing contracts or programs, or future program opportunities. Any of these impacts could have a material effect on the results of the
Companys financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
8

---

Table of Contents
guarantees, partner performance and indemnifications. Consolidations of joint ventures could also impact our reported results of operations or
financial position. While we believe that we have established appropriate and adequate procedures and processes to mitigate these risks, there
is no assurance that these transactions will be successful. We also may make strategic divestitures from time to time. These transactions may
result in continued financial involvement in the divested businesses, such as through guarantees or other financial arrangements, following the
transaction. Nonperformance by those divested businesses could affect our future financial results through additional payment obligations,
higher costs or asset write-downs.
Risks Related to Our Contracts
We conduct a significant portion of our business pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which are subject to unique risks.
In 2022, 40% of our revenues were earned pursuant to U.S. government contracts, which include FMS through the U.S. government. Business
conducted pursuant to such contracts is subject to extensive procurement regulations and other unique risks.
Our sales to the U.S. government are subject to extensive procurement regulations, and changes to those regulations could increase our costs.
New procurement regulations or climate or cyber-related contractual disclosures, or changes to existing requirements, could increase our
compliance costs or otherwise have a material impact on the operating margins of our BDS and BGS businesses. These requirements may also
result in withheld payments and/or reduced future business if we fail to comply. For example, proposals to raise domestic content thresholds for
our U.S. government contracts could have negative impacts on our business. Compliance costs attributable to current and potential future
procurement regulations such as these could negatively impact our financial position, results of operations and/or cash flows.
The U.S. government may modify, curtail or terminate one or more of our contracts. The U.S. government contracting party may modify, curtail or
terminate its contracts and subcontracts with us, without prior notice and either at its convenience or for default based on performance. In
addition, funding pursuant to our U.S. government contracts may be reduced or withheld as part of the U.S. Congressional appropriations
process due to fiscal constraints, changes in U.S. national security strategy and/or priorities or other reasons. Further uncertainty with respect to
ongoing programs could also result in the event that the U.S. government finances its operations through temporary funding measures such as
continuing resolutions rather than full-year appropriations. Any loss or anticipated loss or reduction of expected funding and/or modification,
curtailment or termination of one or more large programs could have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations
and/or cash flows.
We are subject to U.S. government inquiries and investigations, including periodic audits of costs that we determine are reimbursable under U.S.
government contracts. U.S. government agencies, including the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Contract Management Agency,
routinely audit government contractors. These agencies review our performance under contracts, cost structure and compliance with applicable
laws, regulations and standards, as well as the adequacy of and our compliance with our internal control systems and policies. Any costs found
to be misclassified or inaccurately allocated to a specific contract will be deemed non-reimbursable, and to the extent already reimbursed, must
be refunded. Any inadequacies in our systems and policies could result in withholds on billed receivables, penalties and reduced future business.
Furthermore, if any audit, inquiry or investigation uncovers improper or illegal activities, we could be subject to civil and criminal penalties and
administrative sanctions, including termination of contracts, forfeiture of profits, suspension of payments, fines and suspension or debarment
from doing business with the U.S. government. We also
12

---

Table of Contents
Airlines also are experiencing increased fuel and other costs, and the global economy is experiencing high inflation.
Our Commercial Airplanes business depends on our ability to maintain a healthy production system, ensure every airplane in our
production system conforms to our exacting specifications, achieve planned production rate targets, successfully develop and certify
new aircraft or new derivative aircraft, and meet or exceed stringent performance and reliability standards.
The commercial aircraft business is extremely complex, involving extensive coordination and integration with U.S and non-U.S. suppliers, highly-
skilled labor performed by thousands of employees of ours and other partners, and stringent and evolving regulatory requirements and
performance and reliability standards. The FAA has been working to implement safety reforms such as the 2018 FAA Reauthorization Act and
the 2020 Aircraft Certification, Safety and Accountability Act (ACSAA). One of these, section 116 of the ACSAA prohibited the FAA from issuing a
type certificate to aircraft after December 27, 2022 unless the aircrafts flight crew alerting system met certain specifications. The Consolidated
Appropriations Act, 2023 amended Section 116 of the ACSAA, such that applications for original or amended type certifications that were
submitted to the FAA prior to December 27, 2020, including those of the 737-7 and 737-10, are no longer subject to the crew alerting
specifications of Section 116. Additionally, beginning one year after the FAA issues the type certificate for the 737-10, any new 737 MAX aircraft
must include certain safety enhancements to be issued an original airworthiness certification by the FAA. These enhancements are included in
Boeings application for the certification for the 737-10, and the sufficiency of these enhancements will be determined by the FAA. Beginning
three years after the issuance of a type certificate for the 737-10, all previously delivered 737 MAX aircraft must be retrofitted with these safety
enhancements. As the holder of the type certificate, Boeing is required to bear any costs of these safety enhancement retrofits. We have
provisioned for the estimated costs associated with the safety enhancements and do not expect those costs to be material. If we experience
delays in achieving certification and/or incorporating safety enhancements, future revenues, cash flows and results of operations could be
adversely impacted. Comparable agencies in other countries may adopt similar changes. To the extent the FAA or similar regulatory agencies
outside the U.S. implement more stringent regulations, we may incur additional compliance costs. In addition, the introduction of new aircraft
programs and/or derivatives, such as the 777X, 737-7 and 737-10, involves increased risks associated with meeting development, testing,
certification and production schedules.
In addition, we have experienced production quality issues, including in our supply chain, which have contributed to lower 787 deliveries,
including a suspension of 787 deliveries from May 2021 to August 2022. We continue to conduct inspections and rework on built and stored 787
aircraft. A number of our customers have contractual remedies, including compensation for late deliveries or rights to reject individual airplane
deliveries based on delivery delays. Delays on the 737, 777X and 787 programs have resulted in, and may continue to result in, customers
having the right to terminate orders, be compensated for late deliveries and/or substitute orders for other Boeing aircraft.
We must minimize disruption caused by production changes, achieve operational stability and implement productivity improvements in order to
meet customer demand and maintain our profitability. We have previously announced plans to adjust production rates on several of our
commercial aircraft programs. The 787 program is currently producing at low rates and we expect to gradually increase to 5 per month in 2023.
Production of the 777X is currently paused and is expected to resume in 2023. The 737 program has experienced operational and supply chain
challenges stabilizing production at 31 per month. We plan to gradually increase 737 production rates based on market demand and supply
chain capacity. In addition, we continue to seek opportunities to reduce the costs of building our aircraft, including working with our suppliers to
reduce supplier costs, identifying and implementing productivity improvements and optimizing how we manage inventory. If production rate
changes at any of our
7